Simplygon Unity Plugin 1.5.6
This is a short version of the user guide. For more extensive information please go to www.simplygon.com/unity. 

HOW TO INSTALL IT
1. Start Unity.
2. Go to asset store and install the Simplygon Plugin.
3. In Unity, click Window -> Simplygon.
4. Log into Simplygon using your Simplygon account details. If you do not have a Simplygon account go to www.simplygon.com/unity to register.

CREATING YOUR FIRST LOD
Start by configuring the LOD setting in the Create LOD tab in the Simplygon GUI. There are a lot of settings here that can be used to fine-tune the result you get from Simplygon. In the “Settings Explained” section you can see a description of most of these settings. For now we can use the default settings.

Now you need to select the asset you want to optimize. This can be done ether by selecting an asset inside of your scene or in the project explorer. Notice that the Target Assets section will show the name of the asset(s) you have selected.

Now, click the Simplygon button!

Your request is now beeing sent to and processed by the Simplygon servers. You can follow the progress of your LOD creation in the Jobs tab of the Simplygon menue. 

When the LODs are finished the Simplygon GUI will show you a preview and ask you if you want to accept the job. When clicking accept the LOD gets imported to your unity project and the credit cost will be drawn from your account. You will find your LODs in your project explorer Assets/LODs/*AssetName_Date*.


OTHER FEATURES

SAVING SETTINGS FILES
You can save and load settings files for your processing’s. This feature is meant to speed up your workflow. When you have found a good setting for a LOD that you would like to apply to many assets. Save the setting so you won’t forget it in the future.

REPROCESSING
If you are not happy with the result of your LOD it is possible to tweak it without paying any extra credits. You do this by loading the settings-file that is located in the same folder as your LOD. Notice that instead of Target Asset in Simplygon it now says Reprocessing for job yourAsset_jobID.

